---
layout: post
title: Glossary
excerpt: Definition of travel terms used in the sandbox
categories: glossary
---

#Added passengers
Count of booked (added) passengers on the corresponding airport pair, point of origin, route, office id, booking date, departure date, marketing carrier and booking class.

-
#Airport Pair
Origin and Destination airports of the route alphabetically (non-directionally) ordered.

-
#Booking class of MSS
Booking class of the most significant segment.

-
#Booking date
The date of the last booking activity that resulted in the current result of the corresponding record in the extract.

-
#Cancelled passengers
Count of cancelled passengers (negative) on the corresponding airport pair, point of origin, route, office id, booking date, departure date, marketing carrier and booking class.

-
#Competition Feed Agency Type
The agency type indicates if the office belongs to the customer, to the competition or to the rest of the market.

-
#Country
The country where the point of sales (office) is geographically located.

-
#Departure date
The departure date of the first segment of the route in the corresponding record of the extract.

-
#IATA Number
The IATA number is a unique identifier assigned by IATA to all approved offices allowed to make bookings.

-
#Market
A market usually represent a country. OfficeIds are grouped by market using reference data.

-
#Marketing Carrier of MSS
Marketing carrier of the most significant segment.

-
#Net booked passengers
Net count of booked passengers (added minus cancelled) on the corresponding airport pair, point of origin, route, office id, booking date, departure date, marketing carrier and booking class.

-
#Number of searches
Number of transactions seen on MasterPricer.

-
#Office ID
The office id is a unique identifier assigned by the corresponding GDS to each office.

-
#Point of Origin
The boarding point (airport) of the first segment of the complete trip (one trip may contain one or more routes).

-
#Processing date
The date when the weekly extract is processed and generated.

-
#Route
Description of the itinerary followed by the traveler to get from the Origin airport to the Destination airport, including via points. The route reflects directionality.

-
